# patent_mapping_in_tissue_engineering
Data Mining and Machine Learning techniques for the purpose of my Master Thesis
# Abstract
The object of this Master Thesis is the creation of an organized search engine for patents related to tissue engineering. For this purpose, patent maps were created for the patents of the last decades of the above field of biomedical technology. This includes collecting, editing, categorizing and visualizing patent-related data. The collection and the processing are taking place by the use of high level programming language Python, and Data Mining and Machine Learning techniques. The creation of the search engine will be done with the help of a website that will be built for this purpose. The "open source" web design and management tool "Wordpress" was used to implement this process. Through the website the user will be able to choose between a variety of categories, as well as search for the topic that interests him. In addition, the user will be informed about the trends of the patents over the years, about the group to which they belong and their total number. The categorization will be based on the date of published, the cluster of patent as well as the country of publication. The data will be visualized with the use of diagrams. Finally, the user will be informed with basic information as well as with the summary of the patent that he chooses and will have access to its full text, through a link, which will lead him to the website of the European patent office ‘Espacenet’.
# Manual
The module named data_crawling.py is used for the data crawling. ( get all the patents)
The module named clusterer_machine_learning is used to cluster the data.
